I deal with Shane and we're here at
Jerry's lefty guitars in Sarasota
Florida in the US where he has the
greatest collection of electric and
acoustic guitars that I've ever seen so
if you're after a lefty you can't get
anywhere else check them out in the
description below for all the links
we're taking a look at an Ernie Ball
Music Man electric guitar with loaded
with two p90s this thing sounds really
really cool so while it looks small the
scale is actually spot-on thirds just
feel like any other guitar except for
where it meets the body it's a little
bit of a sort of shorter guitar but
otherwise it sounds great so we're gonna
play this into a heritage amplifier and
I've also got a Timmy overdrive pedal
set with everything at about 12:00 12:30
or 1:00 o'clock they're about so let's
give this a shot
and this is my clinton
middle position which is both pickups
and bridge pickup
right back to the neck pickup now and
I've got the Timmy overdrive pedal on
with everything set at 12 o'clock
back to the middle position which is
both pickups and breeze
back to the middle position
what's great about this guitar even
though it looks small the scale or the
length of the fretboard is actually
normal so it feels great to play but the
body is nice and thin which is really
really cool
back to the bridge we go
Oh to Nick
thanks for watching if you have any
comments questions or suggestions please
leave them below and I get back to you
as soon as I can if you're after a
left-handed guitar definitely check out
the description check out Jerry's shop
online he's got a whole bunch of great
guitars that you just can't find
anywhere else it's the biggest and best
in the world so definitely give him a
look if you can choose